README.md, before:

# React-treeview ![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-treeview.svg?style=flat) ![bower](http://img.shields.io/bower/v/react-treeview.svg?style=flat)

Easy, light, flexible treeview made with [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/).

[Demo](http://chenglou.github.io/react-treeview/) (Also check out the `example/` folder for usage).

## install

Npm:
```sh
npm install react-treeview
```

Bower:
```sh
bower install react-treeview
```

The CSS file:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="path/to/react-treeview.css">
```

## API

#### &lt;TreeView />
The component accepts [three props](https://github.com/chenglou/react-treeview/blob/master/react-treeview.jsx#L8-L10).

- `collapsed`: whether the node is collapsed or not.
- `defaultCollapsed`: the [uncontrolled](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html#uncontrolled-components) equivalent to `collapsed`.
- `nodeLabel`: the component or string (or anything renderable) that's displayed beside the TreeView arrow.

TreeViews can be naturally nested.

**Note**: `this.transferPropsTo(<TreeView />)` will transfer the props to the arrow under the hood. All attributes and events naturally work on it.

## Styling
The CSS is flexible, commented and made to be easily customized. Feel free to inspect the demo's classes and check the [short CSS code](https://github.com/chenglou/react-treeview/blob/master/react-treeview.css).

## Compiling
NPM CLI compilation command:
```sh
npm run build
```

JSX CLI compilation command:
```sh
jsx -x jsx ./ ./ react-treeview
```

## License

MIT.

Commit message:

Modify readme build instruction wording

README.md, after:

# React-treeview ![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-treeview.svg?style=flat) ![bower](http://img.shields.io/bower/v/react-treeview.svg?style=flat)

Easy, light, flexible treeview made with [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/).

[Demo](http://chenglou.github.io/react-treeview/) (Also check out the `example/` folder for usage).

## install

Npm:
```sh
npm install react-treeview
```

Bower:
```sh
bower install react-treeview
```

The CSS file:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="path/to/react-treeview.css">
```

## API

#### &lt;TreeView />
The component accepts [three props](https://github.com/chenglou/react-treeview/blob/master/react-treeview.jsx#L8-L10).

- `collapsed`: whether the node is collapsed or not.
- `defaultCollapsed`: the [uncontrolled](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html#uncontrolled-components) equivalent to `collapsed`.
- `nodeLabel`: the component or string (or anything renderable) that's displayed beside the TreeView arrow.

TreeViews can be naturally nested.

**Note**: `this.transferPropsTo(<TreeView />)` will transfer the props to the arrow under the hood. All attributes and events naturally work on it.

## Styling
The CSS is flexible, commented and made to be easily customized. Feel free to inspect the demo's classes and check the [short CSS code](https://github.com/chenglou/react-treeview/blob/master/react-treeview.css).

## Build it yourself

```sh
npm run build
```

Or, if you don't use npm:
```sh
jsx react-treeview.jsx > react-treeview.js
```
(Make sure you got JSX installed somehow)

## License

MIT.
